Mr. Gu, is your neck stiff?
Ah, exonerated.
Little hands are so cruel
Do you remember that paternity report?
Ah remember
It said that Miss Jiang and the young master are not related by blood
I suspect there is an inside story
You can investigate it.
Mr. Gu, I have something to do with you
Mr. Gu, you are too mature, right?
Sign, please.
You are leaving
Didn't you say we broke up?
Won't it affect your work on the story?
I changed my mind. I'm the president
If I don't agree, you can change
I don't care if you agree or not
I'm leaving this job
Hurry up and sign it.
i
I hurt my hand and couldn't sign
You hurt your neck, not your hand
Hey
I don't know what happened today.
I'm bored today
Oh, it's so empty.
Can't hold a fart
Then you stamp the official seal.
The official seal is lost
Gu Zhengting, are you interesting?
What do you mean?